Add questions from 79 to 94 (#226)
FidelusAleksander/ghcertified: content/questions/actions/question-081.md

---
archetype: "questions"
title: "Question 081"
question: "How can you reuse a defined workflow in multiple repositories?"
draft: false
---

> https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/creating-starter-workflows-for-your-organization
1. [ ] By copying the workflow file to each repository
1. [x] By using workflow templates
1. [ ] By creating a reusable action

> 1. [ ] By defining the workflow in a central repository

Reviewer: Having a `central` repository with common reusable workflows is a widely used pattern and used as often or even more often than workflow templates.

> question: "How can you reuse a defined workflow in multiple repositories?"
> draft: false
> ---
> 
> 
> > https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/creating-starter-workflows-for-your-organization
> 1. [ ] By copying the workflow file to each repository
> 1. [ ] By using workflow templates
> 1. [ ] By creating a reusable action
> 1. [x] By defining the workflow in a central repository

Reviewer: Creating workflow templates is also a means of "reusing" workflows.

```suggestion
question: "How can you reuse a defined workflow in multiple repositories? (Choose two.)"
draft: false
---

> https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/creating-starter-workflows-for-your-organization
- [ ] By copying the workflow file to each repository
- [x] By using workflow templates
- [ ] By creating a reusable action
- [x] By defining the workflow in a central repository
```
